TheNaubit

high

# Broken rebalancing mechanism can make the protocol lose the collateral funds

## Summary
An user can exploit the rebalancing mechanism to arbitrage lots of funds and at the same time deplete all the protocol collateral funds.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `rebalance` function can be called by anyone, allowing the project to be decentralized. But in the USSD contract, anyone can also call the functions `mintRebalancer` and `burnRebalancer`, minting and burning any amount of tokens to the USSD contract.

If we put those two together, we can get an undesired situation, exploitable by an attacker. Let's say we have Bob, which is the attacker.

Bob has just to watch for a price variation of the USSD/DAI pool in UniswapV3 that makes the price variation greater than `1e6 + threshold` being `threshold` the threshold set in the USSDRebalancer contract.

When a situation like that happens, Bob automatically trigger an smart contract that does the following:
1. Call the `USSD#mintRebalancer` function to mint a big amount of USSD into the USSD contract.
2. Call the `USSDRebalancer#rebalance` function. Since `ownval > 1e6 + threshold`, the contract will mint some extra USSD tokens and then it will trigger the `USSDRebalancer#SellUSSDBuyCollateral`
3. `USSDRebalancer#SellUSSDBuyCollateral` sells the entire USSD balance in the USSD contract, so in this case, instead of selling just the amount necessary to rebalance the pool, it will sell also the huge USSD amount Bob minted in Step 1, making the USSD/DAI ratio in the pool to fell a lot
4. Bob can then buy in that pool a huge amount of USSD for very little DAI
5. Now Bob can trigger again the `USSDRebalancer#rebalance` function since `ownval < 1e6 - threshold`. That will fix the pool ratio by selling protocol collateral funds, so  USSD can be exchanged to the correct amount of DAI.
6. Finally Bob can exchange the huge amount of USSD that he got in the Step 4 for a much bigger amount of DAI than the initial DAI amount he spent in the Step 4

As a bonus, Bob can repeat it several times and with different minting amount from `USSD#mintRebalancer` to earn lots of DAI and deplete the protocol collateral.

## Impact
It is a really important issue since rebalancing is a common event in a stable coin; so this can be easily triggered and done and can potentially deplete all the protocol collateral.

## Code Snippet
`USSD#mintRebalancer` without protection: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L204

`USSDRebalancer#rebalance`: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L92

 `USSDRebalancer#SellUSSDBuyCollateral` selling all the USSD contract funds: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L164

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
There are two recommendations:
1. Set the [USSD#mintRebalancer](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L204) to use the `onlyBalancer` modifier: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L212
2. Make the [USSDRebalancer#SellUSSDBuyCollateral](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L163) function to receive a parameter with the amount to sell, instead of using the entire balance of the USSD contract
