berlin-101

high

# Anyone can arbitrarily change the total supply of the USSD token through minting/burning due to functions missing critical access modifier

## Summary

The functions to mint and burn USSD tokens that are dedicated to only being callable by the `USSDRebalancer` are not protected to only be called by the rebalancer smart contract. In consequence, they can be called by anyone.

The option to arbitrarily mint amounts of USSD using these functions can heavily influence the total supply of the USSD token leading to an uncontrolled decrease/increase in the value of USSD tokens.

Of course, this has severe cascading effects.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `mintRebalancer` (https://github.com/USSDofficial/ussd-contracts/blob/f44c726371f3152634bcf0a3e630802e39dec49c/contracts/USSD.sol#L204) and `burnRebalancer` (https://github.com/USSDofficial/ussd-contracts/blob/f44c726371f3152634bcf0a3e630802e39dec49c/contracts/USSD.sol#L208) functions are unprotected.

From the function names it is readable that only the rebalancer contract `USSDRevalancer` should call them. The functions nevertheless are missing the `onlyBalancer` (https://github.com/USSDofficial/ussd-contracts/blob/f44c726371f3152634bcf0a3e630802e39dec49c/contracts/USSD.sol#L212) modifier to ensure this.

## Impact

Uncontrollable mint/burn of USSD tokens leading to arbitrary increase/decrease of USSD's total supply. In consequence, this freely controls the price of USSD.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Protected the  `mintRebalancer` and  `burnRebalancer` functions with the `onlyBalancer` modifier.

```solidity
function mintRebalancer(uint256 amount) public onlyBalancer override {
    _mint(address(this), amount);
}

function burnRebalancer(uint256 amount) public onlyBalancer override {
    _burn(address(this), amount);
}
```
