PokemonAuditSimulator

high

# Users can artificially inflate the pool to infinity

## Summary
Users are able to mint as much USSD as they want and make so the contract trades it with the UNI pool, inflating the supply.
## Vulnerability Detail
Users can mint an unlimited amount of USSD tokens and exchange them with the UNI pool, thereby inflating the token supply. The main issue lies in the public accessibility of the [`mintRebalancer()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L204-L206) function in the `USSD.sol` contract. This means that any user can invoke this function and mint a significant number of tokens, potentially close to the maximum value defined by `type(uint256).max`. Although these tokens remain within the USSD contract, users can utilize them to trigger calls to the UNI pool, converting the entire USSD balance into DAI and causing supply inflation. The process can be implemented like this:

 **1  The pool needs to either be deliberately made imbalanced or allowed to naturally deviate from the desired ratio, resulting in a ratio of 0.99 : 1 for USSD : DAI.**

 **2 Users call `USSD.mintRebalancer()` with a large value,  close the maximum possible supply (try no to accede the max supply since it will revert). `type(uint128).max` is a good value.**

 **3  After that, users call `USSDRebalancer.rebalance()`, triggering the execution of `SellUSSDBuyCollateral()`. This function gets the entire USSD balance from the USSD contract using `uint256 amount = IUSSD(USSD).balanceOf(USSD)` and sells it to the pool.**


As a result, `SellUSSDBuyCollateral()` proceeds to trade with the UNI pool, selling the entire USSD supply in the USSD contract for DAI. Specifically, it attempts to sell `type(uint128).max` USSD tokens for DAI, causing a complete imbalance in the pool. This imbalance enables users with minimal DAI holdings to purchase a significant amount of USSD and subsequently invoke `rebalance()` again, thereby balancing the pool and allowing them to profit from the trade.

## Impact
Disbalanced pool leading to loss of funds or the whole USSD system to be destroyed 
## Code Snippet
```jsx
    function mintRebalancer(uint256 amount) public override {
        _mint(address(this), amount);
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The need fix is to make:
```jsx
 -  function mintRebalancer(uint256 amount) public override {
 +  function mintRebalancer(uint256 amount) public override onlyControl{
        _mint(address(this), amount);
    }
```