smiling_heretic

high

# No access control on `mintRebalancer` and `burnRebalancer`

## Summary
Functions `mintRebalancer` and `burnRebalancer` in the `USSD` contract can be called by anyone and it allows any attacker to effectively mint any amount of USSD to himself.

## Vulnerability Detail
Functions `mintRebalancer` and `burnRebalancer` in the `USSD` contract are meant to be called only from the `USSDRebalancer` contract. However, they miss the `onlyBalancer` modifier. This allows anyone to burn or mint any amount of USSD to the `USSD` contract.

This can be exploited in numerous ways. One way is to manipulate `totalSupply` that influences `collateralFactor` that influences which collateral ratio / flutter is used when rebalancing. Also, it's possible to set `totalSupply` to its max value and DoS minting new USSD with `mintForToken` or when rebalancing (it will revert because of overflow of `totalSupply`).

However, the most impactful exploit here would be probably minting a lot of USSD to the attacker. 

Let's consider this attack:
1. Attacker calls `USSD.mintRebalancer` with `10^18` as an argument. This mints `10^12 `USSD to the `USSD` contract.
2. If necessary, the attacker buys some `USSD` from the `uniPool` (it's the USSD/DAI pool) so the threshold is exceeded and `SellUSSDBuyCollateral` will be called on `USSDRebalancer.rebalance`.
3. Notice that `IUSSD(USSD).balanceOf(USSD);` is used in `SellUSSDBuyCollateral` as the exact amount of USSD to sell for DAI when rebalancing. To see this, examine these lines of code: [1](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L164), [2](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L169), [3](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L173), [4](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L229).
4. Attacker calls `USSDRebalancer.rebalance`. This sells `10^12` USSD to the `uniPool` for DAI. Because of this, now USSD in the `uniPool` is very cheap.
5. Attacker buys lots of USSD for 1 DAI from `uniPool`

## Impact
Anyone can effectively mint millions of USSD to themselves.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L204

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L208

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add `onlyBalancer` modifier to `mintRebalancer` and to `burnRebalancer`
