TheNaubit

medium

# ChainlinkAdapterOracle will return the wrong price for asset if underlying aggregator hits minAnswer

## Summary
Chainlink aggregators have a built in circuit breaker if the price of an asset goes outside of a predetermined price band. The result is that if an asset experiences a huge drop in value (i.e. LUNA crash) the price of the oracle will continue to return the minPrice instead of the actual price of the asset. This would allow user to continue borrowing with the asset but at the wrong price. This is exactly what happened to [Venus on BSC when LUNA imploded](https://rekt.news/venus-blizz-rekt/).

## Vulnerability Detail

`StableOracleDAI.sol` uses Chainlink's feed price feed to obtain the price of the `DAI` token:
```solidity
(, int256 price, , , ) = priceFeedDAIETH.latestRoundData();
```

ChainlinkAggregators have minPrice and maxPrice circuit breakers built into them. This means that if the price of the asset drops below the minPrice, the protocol will continue to value the token at minPrice instead of it's actual value. This is particularly important in this protocol since it is pegged to DAI because the protocol would not be using the right DAI price in those situations and users could exploit that.

Note:
Chainlink oracles are used a just one piece of the OracleAggregator system and it is assumed that using a combination of other oracles, a scenario like this can be avoided. However this is not the case because the other oracles also have their flaws that can still allow this to be exploited. In this case, the protocol is using a second oracle: a UniswapV3Oracle. But it is being used with a long TWAP (600 seconds = 10 minutes) so it gives a long timeframe to any user to exploit the price difference.

In the past, we have seen similar reports, like this: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-blueberry-judging/issues/18

## Impact
In the event that an asset crashes (like happened to LUNA) the protocol functions can be exploited thanks to the wrong oracle price.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/oracles/StableOracleDAI.sol#L41
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/oracles/StableOracleDAI.sol#L48

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement some sort of circuit breaker, so if the price goes below or above a threshold, it reverts the transaction; just as recommended by Chainlink here: https://docs.chain.link/data-feeds/selecting-data-feeds#market-failures-resulting-from-extreme-events
