Bauchibred

medium

# Incorrect Price Calculation in Stable Oracles (WETH, WBTC, DAI) when Aggregator Hits minAnswer


## Summary

The Stable Oracles (StableOracleDAI, StableOracleWBGL, StableOracleWETH) all have a bug that leads to incorrect price calculations.
This is due to the fact that Chainlink aggregators have a built in circuit breaker if the price of an asset goes outside of a predetermined price band. The result is that if an asset experiences a huge drop in value (i.e. LUNA crash) the price of the oracle will continue to return the minPrice instead of the actual price of the asset. This would allow user to continue borrowing with the asset but at the wrong price. This is exactly what happened to Venus on BSC when LUNA imploded.
Take the StableOracleDAI as an example, when the price aggregator used, `priceFeedDAIETH`, hits the `minAnswer` circuit breaker and goes lower, chainlink instead returns `minAnswer` instead.
This issue can result in inaccurate USD price values for DAI, potentially causing financial discrepancies and vulnerabilities within the system.

## Vulnerability Detail

Going to use the StableOracleDAI as main point of focus so as not to make it too bogus, but good to note that this also affects StableOracleWETH and StableOracleWBTC too
The StableOracleDAI contract uses the `priceFeedDAIETH` aggregator from the Chainlink library to obtain the price of DAI in USD. The `getPriceUSD()` function retrieves the latest round data from the aggregator, but there is no check for the `minAnswer` circuit breaker. This circuit breaker is a built-in mechanism in Chainlink aggregators that prevents the price from going outside a predefined range.

The vulnerable code snippet is as follows:

```solidity
    constructor() {
        priceFeedDAIETH = AggregatorV3Interface(
            0x773616E4d11A78F511299002da57A0a94577F1f4
        );
        DAIEthOracle = IStaticOracle(
            0x982152A6C7f732Ec7C9EA998dDD9Ebde00Dfa16e
        );
        ethOracle = IStableOracle(0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000); // TODO: WETH oracle price
    }

    function getPriceUSD() external view override returns (uint256) {
        address[] memory pools = new address[](1);
        pools[0] = 0x60594a405d53811d3BC4766596EFD80fd545A270;
        uint256 DAIWethPrice = DAIEthOracle.quoteSpecificPoolsWithTimePeriod(
            1000000000000000000, // 1 Eth
            0xC02aaA39b223FE8D0A0e5C4F27eAD9083C756Cc2, // WETH (base token)
            0x6B175474E89094C44Da98b954EedeAC495271d0F, // DAI (quote token)
            pools, // DAI/WETH pool uni v3
            600 // period
        );

        uint256 wethPriceUSD = ethOracle.getPriceUSD();

        // chainlink price data is 8 decimals for WETH/USD, so multiply by 10 decimals to get 18 decimal fractional
        //(uint80 roundID, int256 price, uint256 startedAt, uint256 timeStamp, uint80 answeredInRound) = priceFeedDAIETH.latestRoundData();
        (, int256 price, , , ) = priceFeedDAIETH.latestRoundData();

        return
            (wethPriceUSD * 1e18) /
            ((DAIWethPrice + uint256(price) * 1e10) / 2);
    }
```

Example:

Consider the case of StableOracleDAI contract, which utilizes the Chainlink aggregator `priceFeedDAIETH` to fetch the price of DAI in USD. Let's assume that DAI has a `minAnswer` value set at $0.1. Now, imagine a situation where the actual price of DAI plummets to $0.01 due to market conditions.

Despite the significant drop in value, the `priceFeedDAIETH` aggregator continues to report the price of DAI as $0.1. Consequently, users interacting with the StableOracleDAI contract may be misled into borrowing against DAI as if it were valued at $0.1 per token. This means that users can borrow a larger amount of DAI than they should be entitled to, as the reported price is artificially inflated by a factor of 10.

### Key point on how even using an aggregator with multiple oracle sources does not stop this attack

It is important to note that Chainlink oracles are typically used as part of an OracleAggregator system, with the assumption that combining multiple oracles can help mitigate such scenarios. However, in this case, relying on additional oracles may not provide a safeguard. For instance, if the Chainlink oracle is used in conjunction with a UniswapV3Oracle that relies on a long TWAP (Time-Weighted Average Price), the vulnerability can still be exploited. When the TWAP approaches the `minAnswer` threshold during a downward price movement, both oracles may align their reported prices, rendering the third oracle irrelevant. Moreover, even if secondary oracles like Band are utilized, a malicious user could launch a distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack against the relayers to prevent price updates. Once the price data becomes stale, the Chainlink oracle would be the only remaining oracle, and its potentially incorrect price would be utilized, exacerbating the issue.

This example highlights the potential impact of the bug in the StableOracleDAI contract, as it allows users to borrow DAI at an inflated price, potentially leading to financial losses and exploitation.

## Impact

The incorrect price calculation caused by the bug can have several implications:
In the case of StableOracleDAI

- The reported USD price of DAI will be inaccurate if the aggregator hits the `minAnswer` circuit breaker.
- Users relying on the StableOracleDAI contract may make financial decisions based on incorrect price information, leading to potential losses or exploitation.
- The stability of the system may be compromised if other components rely on the accurate USD price of DAI.

And similar impacts on other Stable oracles, i.e WETH and WBTC

## Code Snippet

[StableOracleDAI.sol#L23-L30](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/oracles/StableOracleDAI.sol#L23-L30)

[StableOracleWBTC.sol#L12-L26](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/oracles/StableOracleWBTC.sol#L12-L26)

[StableOracleWETH.sol#L15-L26](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/oracles/StableOracleWETH.sol#L15-L26)

## Tool used

Manual review.

## Recommendation

To address the bug and ensure accurate price calculations, the StableOracleDAI contract should implement a check for the `minAnswer` circuit breaker. If the returned price falls below the `minAnswer` threshold, the contract should handle it appropriately. Here is a recommended code addition:

```solidity
(, int256 price, , , ) = priceFeedDAIETH.latestRoundData();
require(price >= minAnswer, "Price below minimum threshold");
```

By adding this check, the StableOracleDAI contract will verify that the price is within the expected range and handle it accordingly, preventing incorrect price calculations.
