chalex.eth

medium

# ChainlinkAdapterOracle will return the wrong price for asset if underlying aggregator hits minAnswer

## Summary
Chainlink aggregators have a built in circuit breaker if the price of an asset goes outside of a predetermined price band. The result is that if an asset experiences a huge drop in value (i.e. LUNA crash) the price of the oracle will continue to return the minPrice instead of the actual price of the asset. This would allow user to continue minting with the asset but at the wrong price.

## Vulnerability Detail
ChainlinkFeedRegistry#latestRoundData pulls the associated aggregator and requests round data from it. ChainlinkAggregators have minPrice and maxPrice circuit breakers built into them. This means that if the price of the asset drops below the minPrice, the protocol will continue to value the token at minPrice instead of it's actual value. This will allow users to take out huge position at bad collateral price.

Example:
TokenA has a minPrice of $1. The price of TokenA drops to $0.10. The aggregator still returns $1 allowing the user to mint against TokenA as if it is $1 which is 10x it's actual value.


## Impact
Medium

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/USSDofficial/ussd-contracts/blob/f44c726371f3152634bcf0a3e630802e39dec49c/contracts/oracles/StableOracleDAI.sol#L48

https://github.com/USSDofficial/ussd-contracts/blob/f44c726371f3152634bcf0a3e630802e39dec49c/contracts/oracles/StableOracleWBTC.sol#L23

https://github.com/USSDofficial/ussd-contracts/blob/f44c726371f3152634bcf0a3e630802e39dec49c/contracts/oracles/StableOracleWETH.sol#L23


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement a check for minAnswer 
``` ifPrice < minAnswer revert WrongPrice() ```