BenRai

high

# BTC/USD chainlink oracle is used to price WBTC which is problematic for minting if WBTC depegs

## Summary

The BTC/USD chainlink oracle is used to price WBTC. Since WBTC is a bridged asset, if the bridge gets compromised/hacked, the price of WBTC will depag and will no longer be equal to the price of BTC.  


## Vulnerability Detail

If a depeg described in summary happens everyone who deposits WBTC to mint USSD using the function `mintForTokens` will be able to mint more USSD than WBTC is worth. User can therefore mint a lot of USSD by depositing worthless WBTC and swap the newly minted USSD to DAI in the Uniswap pool. This will lead to a depeg of USSD that cannot be fixed since the contract will run out collateral to sell for rebalancing.    


## Impact

USSD will depeg and become worthless once it sells all its collateral to rebalance.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/USSDofficial/ussd-contracts/blob/f44c726371f3152634bcf0a3e630802e39dec49c/contracts/oracles/StableOracleWBTC.sol#L21-L27 

https://github.com/USSDofficial/ussd-contracts/blob/f44c726371f3152634bcf0a3e630802e39dec49c/contracts/USSD.sol#L170-L173 

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Using a double oracle setup like both the chainlink and another on-chain liquidity base oracle (i.e. UniV3 TWAP) could fix the problem. If the price of the on-chain liquidity oracle drops below a certain threshold of the chainlink oracles (i.e. 2% lower), buying of WBTC could be skipped when rebalancing. The chainlink oracle will prevent price manipulation and the liquidity oracle will safeguard against the asset depegging.
