shogoki

high

# Rebalancing is suspectible to Flash Loan Attacks

## Summary

The Rebalancing function uses the internal `getOwnValuation()` function, which get´s the curren tprice from a UniswapV3 Pool. This is vunerable to FlashLoan Attacks as the price can be easily manipulated in either direction by an attacker.
As the `rebalance` function is also public and can be called by anyone, an attacker can force any behaviour of the function by manipulating the price into the desired direction.

## Vulnerability Detail

In [USSDRebalancer.sol:71-80](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L71-L80) the `getOwnValuation()` function relies on the current price from the UniswapV3 pool by fetching the data from `slot0()`. This is not the intended way to use an Uniswapv3 Pool as a price oracle, because it is suspectible to Flash Loan Attacks.
This function is then used in the public accessible `rebalance()` function to determine if the `USSD` token is at Peg. If the Token depegged from DAI by more than the allowed `threshold` actions are taken to either buy or sell USSD token.
In conjunction with a Sandwich attack (because there is no slippage protection in the UniswapV3 call) this allows the attacker to drain almost all collateral funds.

An Attacker can do the following:

- take flash loan and buy collateral tokens in respective pools
- fake a depeg the USSD below 1 DAI, by manipulating the uniswapV3 Poolprice (using flashloan)
- call `rebalance` to force the Rebalancer Contract to sell the Collateral tokens (in our pools) for a too high price and buy USSD 
- sell the bought collateral tokens for a higher price 
- payback flashloan

By this an attacker can take a massive profit by taking the value out of the USSD collateral pools.

## Impact

Attackers can "steal" almost all collateral funds.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L71-L80

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Do not rely on the `slot0` fetched price from the UniswapV3 pool.