Bauchibred

medium

# Missing Check for Stale Data in StableOracle Contracts

## Summary

The contracts `StableOracleDAI`, `StableOracleWETH` and `StableOracleWBTC` have a vulnerability where they lack a check for stale data when retrieving the latest round data from the Chainlink price feed. This can result in the usage of outdated or incorrect price information, potentially leading to inaccurate calculations or decisions based on the price data.

## Vulnerability Detail

The missing check for stale data can be found in the following lines of code:

Contracts that can be affected by this:

- `StableOracleDAI`
- `StableOracleDAI`
- `StableOracleWBTC`

Example code snippet from `StableOracleDAI`:

```solidity
(uint80 roundID, int256 price, uint256 startedAt, uint256 timeStamp, uint80 answeredInRound) = priceFeedDAIETH.latestRoundData();
```

## Impact

The impact of the vulnerability is as follows:

- Incorrect or outdated price data can be used, leading to inaccurate calculations or decisions.
- Financial losses or incorrect outcomes may occur due to relying on stale or incorrect price information.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/oracles/StableOracleWBTC.sol#L23

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/oracles/StableOracleWETH.sol#L23

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/oracles/StableOracleDAI.sol#L48

## Tool used

Manual review

## Recommendation

To mitigate this vulnerability, the following steps are recommended:

1. Retrieve the complete round data from the Chainlink price feed.
2. Add checks for stale data, comparing the `answeredInRound` value with the `roundID`.
3. Verify that the `startedAt` and `timeStamp` values are not zero, indicating a complete round.
4. Adjust the calculations to account for valid and non-stale data.
5. Implement these mitigation steps in the affected contracts (`StableOracleDAI` and `StableOracleWBTC`).

By implementing the recommended steps, the contracts can validate the freshness and reliability of the price data retrieved from the Chainlink price feed, reducing the risk of using stale or incorrect prices in calculations and operations.
