Bauchibred

medium

# Potential DOS / lack of acccess to oracle price due to unhandled chainlink revert


## Summary

The contract `StableOracleDAI` and her sister contracts (`StableOracleWBTC` and `StableOracleWETH`) all contain a vulnerability in the `getPriceUSD()` function, where it fails to handle potential reverts when accessing the Chainlink oracle. This can lead to a denial of service if the Chainlink oracle denies access, resulting in apermanent denial of service of querying prices.

NB: This report would only focus on the `StableOracleDAI` contract, but this issue affects all three of them.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `getPriceUSD()` function utilizes Chainlink's `latestRoundData()` to fetch the latest price. However, it lacks proper error handling or fallback logic in case the Chainlink oracle denies access. As a result, if access to the Chainlink oracle is blocked, the function will revert, leading to a denial of service scenario. Currently, there is no mechanism in place to regulate contract access to the Chainlink oracle, leaving it vulnerable to denial of service attacks.

The vulnerable code snippet can be found in the `StableOracleDAI` contract, specifically in the `getPriceUSD()` function. Here is the relevant code snippet:

```solidity
function getPriceUSD() external view override returns (uint256) {
    // ...
    (, int256 price, , , ) = priceFeedDAIETH.latestRoundData();
    // ...
}
```

## Impact

The vulnerability in the `getPriceUSD()` function can result in a denial of service for the contract. If the Chainlink oracle denies access to the data feed, the function will revert, making it impossible to retrieve prices. This denial of service can have severe consequences, as it hampers the functionality and usability of the contract.

## Code Snippet

[StableOracleDAI.sol#L23-L30](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/oracles/StableOracleDAI.sol#L23-L30)

[StableOracleWBTC.sol#L12-L26](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/oracles/StableOracleWBTC.sol#L12-L26)

[StableOracleWETH.sol#L15-L26](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/oracles/StableOracleWETH.sol#L15-L26)

## Tool used

Manual review

## Recommendation

To mitigate this vulnerability, it is recommended to implement proper error handling and fallback logic within the `getPriceUSD()` function. This can be achieved by using a try/catch block to handle potential reverts when accessing the Chainlink oracle. In the catch block, suitable fallback logic should be implemented to handle scenarios where access to the Chainlink oracle is denied.
NB: Implementing proper error handling and fallback mechanisms will enhance the robustness of the contract and prevent a denial of service in case of restricted access to the Chainlink oracle.
