BugBusters

medium

# Oracle data feed can be outdated yet used anyways

## Summary

The `getPriceUSD` function retrieves the latest price from a Chainlink price feed without checking the freshness or validity of the data. This can lead to the usage of outdated price information, potentially resulting in inaccurate calculations and increased risk for the system.

## Vulnerability Detail

Chainlink classifies their data feeds into four different groups regarding how reliable is each source thus, how risky they are. The groups are Verified Feeds, Monitored Feeds, Custom Feeds and Specialized Feeds (they can be seen [here](https://docs.chain.link/docs/selecting-data-feeds/#data-feed-categories)). The risk is the lowest on the first one and highest on the last one.

A strong reliance on the price feeds has to be also monitored as recommended on the [Risk Mitigation section](https://docs.chain.link/docs/selecting-data-feeds/#risk-mitigation). There are several reasons why a data feed may fail such as unforeseen market events, volatile market conditions, degraded performance of infrastructure, chains, or networks, upstream data providers outage, malicious activities from third parties among others.

Chainlink recommends using their data feeds along with some controls to prevent mismatches with the retrieved data. Along some recommendations, the feed can include circuit breakers (for extreme price events), contract update delays (to ensure that the injected data into the protocol is fresh enough), manual kill-switches (to cease connection in case of found bug or vulnerability in an upstream contract), monitoring (control the deviation of the data) and soak testing (of the price feeds).

The `feed.lastRoundData()` interface parameters [according to Chainlink](https://docs.chain.link/docs/price-feeds-api-reference/) are the following:

```solidity
function latestRoundData() external view
    returns (
        uint80 roundId,             //  The round ID.
        int256 answer,              //  The price.
        uint256 startedAt,          //  Timestamp of when the round started.
        uint256 updatedAt,          //  Timestamp of when the round was updated.
        uint80 answeredInRound      //  The round ID of the round in which the answer was computed.
    )
```

Regarding `USSD` itself, only the answer is used on the `getPriceUSD()` implementation. The retrieved price of the priceFeed can be outdated and used anyways as a valid data because no timestamp tolerance of the update source time is checked while storing the return parameters of feed.latestRoundData() as recommended by Chainlink in [here](https://docs.chain.link/docs/using-chainlink-reference-contracts/#check-the-timestamp-of-the-latest-answer). 

## Impact

Inaccurate Price Calculations: Without checking the freshness of the price feed data, the system may use outdated price information for calculations. This can result in inaccurate pricing estimations, leading to financial loss or transactions based on unreliable data.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/oracles/StableOracleWETH.sol#L21-L26

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/oracles/StableOracleWBTC.sol#L21-L26

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/oracles/StableOracleDAI.sol#L48

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
As Chainlink [recommends](https://docs.chain.link/docs/using-chainlink-reference-contracts/#check-the-timestamp-of-the-latest-answer):

`Your application should track the latestTimestamp variable or use the updatedAt value from the latestRoundData() function to make sure that the latest answer is recent enough for your application to use it. If your application detects that the reported answer is not updated within the heartbeat or within time limits that you determine are acceptable for your application, pause operation or switch to an alternate operation mode while identifying the cause of the delay.`

`During periods of low volatility, the heartbeat triggers updates to the latest answer. Some heartbeats are configured to last several hours, so your application should check the timestamp and verify that the latest answer is recent enough for your application.`

It is recommended both to add also a tolerance that compares the updatedAt return timestamp from latestRoundData() with the current block timestamp and ensure that the priceFeed is being updated with the required frequency.
