BugBusters

medium

# `latestRoundData()` has no check for round completeness

## Summary
No check for round completeness could lead to stale prices and wrong price return value, or outdated price. The functions rely on accurate price feed might not work as expected, sometimes can lead to fund loss.

## Vulnerability Detail

`getPriceUSD()` call out to an oracle with `latestRoundData()` to get the price of some token. But there is no check for round completeness.

According to Chainlink's documentation, this function does not error if no answer has been reached but returns 0 or outdated round data. The external Chainlink oracle, which provides index price information to the system, introduces risk inherent to any dependency on third-party data sources. For example, the oracle could fall behind or otherwise fail to be maintained, resulting in outdated data being fed to the index price calculations. Oracle reliance has historically resulted in crippled on-chain systems, and complications that lead to these outcomes can arise from things as simple as network congestion.

Chainlink documentation:
https://docs.chain.link/docs/historical-price-data/#historical-rounds

## Impact

If there is a problem with chainlink starting a new round and finding consensus on the new value for the oracle (e.g. chainlink nodes abandon the oracle, chain congestion, vulnerability/attacks on the chainlink system) consumers of this contract may continue using outdated stale data (if oracles are unable to submit no new round is started).

This could lead to stale prices and wrong price return value, or outdated price.

As a result, the functions rely on accurate price feed might not work as expected causing wrong price feed which could sometimes lead to fund loss. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/oracles/StableOracleWBTC.sol#L21-L26

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/oracles/StableOracleWETH.sol#L21-L26

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Validate data feed for round completeness like below:

```solidity
function getOraclePrice(IAggregatorV3 _priceFeed, int192 _maxPrice, int192 _minPrice) public view returns (uint256 ) {
        (
            uint80 roundID,
            int signedPrice,
            /*uint startedAt*/,
            uint timeStamp,
            uint80 answeredInRound
        ) = _priceFeed.latestRoundData();
        //check for Chainlink oracle deviancies, force a revert if any are present. Helps prevent a LUNA like issue
        require(signedPrice > 0, "Negative Oracle Price");
        require(timeStamp >= block.timestamp - HEARTBEAT_TIME , "Stale pricefeed");
        require(signedPrice < _maxPrice, "Upper price bound breached");
        require(signedPrice > _minPrice, "Lower price bound breached");
        require(answeredInRound >= roundID, "round not complete");

        uint256 price = uint256(signedPrice);
        return price;
    }
```
