curiousapple

high

# ``StableOracleWBTC`` would undervalue all WBTC collateral by big margin

## Summary
USSD mistakenly uses the chainlink aggregator of ETH/USD instead of WBTC/USD for `StableOracleWBTC`, in turn valuing all WBTC collateral as ETH.
Since ETH is usually a valued fraction of BTC, this mistake undervalues all WBTC collateral significantly. 

## Vulnerability Detail
USSD defines `StableOracleWBTC` to fetch the price for WBTC in terms of USD from the chainlink aggregator.
However, it assigns the wrong aggregator (ETH/USD), here, in turn valuing all WBTC collateral as ETH.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/oracles/StableOracleWBTC.sol#L15-L20
This misconfiguration can not be corrected later as well, since there is no method defined to update the aggregator. 

## Impact
This would impact all protocol actions (mint and rebalance).
The most severe one would be mint since users would only get a fraction of their collateral value in return for WBTC.
Users would lose a significant portion of their collateral to the protocol.
If you consider today's prices, 7:17 AM GMT, May 23, 2023
https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin/ | ~27300 USD
https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ethereum/ | ~1850 USD

For each mint of USSD for WBTC, users would lose 25450 USD worth of value.
If the user mints USSD for 2 WBTC, they would get ~3700 USSD instead of ~54600 USSD.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/oracles/StableOracleWBTC.sol#L15-L20

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider deriving the price of WBTC collateral correctly, you would need to first fetch WBTC/BTC, and then adjust using BTC/USD feed.