carrotsmuggler

high

# Incorrect check for selling DAI

## Summary

Faulty if statement in `SellUSSDBuyCollateral` can lead to a crash of the rebalance mechanism.

## Vulnerability Detail

The rebalance mechanism is responsible for selling USSD and buying collateral when the price of USSD is above peg. This carried out in the internal function `SellUSSDBuyCollateral`. USSD is first sold for DAI, and the DAI is then used to buy other collateral. The function is shown below:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L163-L205

The DAI itself however does not need to be sold. The contract has a sell path for each colalteral, and for DAI, the sell path is kept empty, since it forms the `baseAsset`. This it is critical that when buying colalteral with DAI, DAI itself is not being bought, since its sell path is empty and would lead to a crash. This is prevented in the following if statement:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L199-L202

The comment even mentions that DAI needs to be skipped. This if statement however is incorrect. It uses on OR (||) operator to evaluate the statements. Thus if either clause is true, the if statement is true. the `uniPool` pool is the USSD-DAI pool. The if statement checks that the current colalteral is not USSD, OR not DAI. Now this statement is a tautology, since it is always true! Since token0 and token1 are always different in an uniswap pool, the colalteral token will always fail to match atleast one of them, making this if clause true. Thus even for DAI, since DAI != USSD, this if statement is true, and the uniswpa router will be called with an empty path, crashing the code.

## Impact

Broken rebalance mechanism when above peg.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L199-L202

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use AND (&&) operator instead of OR (||) operator in the if statement. This will ensure all tokens EXCEPT DAI and USSD allow the if statement to be true.
