ast3ros

medium

# Redeem function for DAI is not implemented

## Summary

The whitepaper states that USSD can be minted or redeemed directly via the USSD contract. However, the code does not provide any logic for redeeming USSD for DAI.

## Vulnerability Detail

Section 4 of the whitepaper, titled “Mint and redeem”, describes how USSD can be redeemed for DAI if there is enough DAI balance in the collateral.

        4. Mint and redeem
        If there is positive DAI balance in the collateral, USSD contract can provide DAI for equal amount of USSD in return (that would be burned, contracting supply).

When adding a collateral token, the function `addCollateral` takes a parameter `_redeem` that is stored in the `CollateralInfo` struct and indicates which token can be redeemed (according to the whitepaper, it should be DAI only).

        function addCollateral(
            address _address,
            address _oracle,
            bool _mint,
            bool _redeem, // @audit can be used for redeeming
            uint256[] calldata _ratios,
            bytes memory _pathbuy,
            bytes memory _pathsell,
            uint256 index
        ) public onlyControl {

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L84-L93

However, the code does not implement any logic for redeeming USSD for DAI using this parameter.

## Impact

This discrepancy between the whitepaper and the code may mislead users about a critical function of the protocol. It also undermine its credibility and trustworthiness.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L84-L93

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Either implement the logic for redeeming USSD for DAI as described in the whitepaper, or remove this feature from the whitepaper and clearly specify that users can only get their DAI back through the Uniswap USSD-DAI pool.