Bauer

high

# Potential loss of funds in `mintForToken()` function

## Summary
The `mintForToken()` function allows users to deposit tokens and mint stablecoins. However, there is a potential issue where if the calculated stableCoinAmount is 0, the protocol still transfers the tokens from the msg.sender to the contract. This can result in users experiencing a loss of funds if the transferred token amount is substantial. It is important to address this issue to ensure the proper handling of funds and prevent potential financial losses for users.
## Vulnerability Detail
The `USSD.mintForToken()` function allows the minting of stable coins in exchange for a specified token. Inside the function, the specified token amount is transferred from the caller to the contract using the safeTransferFrom() function of the ERC20 token interface and the `calculateMint()` function is called internally to determine the amount of stable coins to be minted based on the token amount and other relevant factors.
```solidity
function mintForToken(
        address token,
        uint256 tokenAmount,
        address to
    ) public returns (uint256 stableCoinAmount) {
        require(hasCollateralMint(token), "unsupported token");

        IERC20Upgradeable(token).safeTransferFrom(
            msg.sender,
            address(this),
            tokenAmount
        );
        stableCoinAmount = calculateMint(token, tokenAmount);
        _mint(to, stableCoinAmount);

        emit Mint(msg.sender, to, token, tokenAmount, stableCoinAmount);
    }
```
Let's look into the `calculateMint()` function ,when the _amount quantity is very small, there is a possibility that the calculation result could be rounded down to 0 due to the difference in decimal places 
```solidity
  function calculateMint(address _token, uint256 _amount) public view returns (uint256 stableCoinAmount) {
        uint256 assetPrice = collateral[getCollateralIndex(_token)].oracle.getPriceUSD();
        return (((assetPrice * _amount) / 1e18) * (10 ** decimals())) / (10 ** IERC20MetadataUpgradeable(_token).decimals());
    }
```
In the given scenario where the `_token` is DAI, assetPrice is 1e18 and _amount is 100000 transferred by the user, the calculation of stableCoinAmount would be:
   ((1e18*100000)/1e18)*(1e6)/1e18
=100000*1e6/1e18
=0
However ,the protocol  still performs the `_mint()` function, which may result in transferring 0 tokens to the to address.

## Impact
Users may incur a loss of funds in this scenario.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L170-L173

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a require statement to check for stableCoinAmount == 0 and revert the transaction in the mintForToken function.
```solidity
require(stableCoinAmount > 0,"FAILED")
```
