0xManishTech

high

# Rebalance function can never get executed properly if DAI/USSD is transferred to UniV3 pool directly

## Summary
There is an issue in the rebalance() function, which makes decisions based on the current token price and the token supply proportions.

The token supply calculation doesn't align with the current token price, because it may include tokens that are not within the current trading range (out of range liquidity) or it's also possible to transfer DAI to the UniV3 pool without providing liquidity which will make value provided by getSupplyProportion() inconsistent with getOwnValuation().

Let's break down the functions:

- getOwnValuation(): Retrieves the current price of the tokens using the Uniswap pool address. It calculates the price depending on which token is first in the pool.
- getSupplyProportion(): Returns the balance of tokens in the Uniswap pool. This function considers all tokens, even those outside the current trading range.
- rebalance(): Uses the previous two functions to determine if a rebalance is needed. If the current value is less than the threshold, it buys USSD and sells collateral. If it's more than the threshold, it mints USSD and buys collateral.

The problem arises in rebalance(). Since the supply proportion can include out-of-range liquidity, and also DAI sent to pool without providing liquidity to pool this scenario is leading to miscalculations when burning/minting new tokens. Essentially, the contract is using the current tick (active range) price from getOwnValuation() to make buy/sell decisions but using contract balance to calculate mint/burn amount leading to a potential integer underflow and subsequently leading to rebalance function never working as intended.

## Vulnerability Detail

Suppose you have a USSD-DAI Uniswap V3 Pool. Assume the current price of USSD in terms of DAI is 1.1, that is, 1 USSD = 1.1 DAI. This is retrieved from the getOwnValuation() function.

Let's say there are 1,000 USSD tokens and 1100 DAI tokens in the current tick. 50 * 99 / 100 USSD _(using error margin defined in the contract)_ needs to be minted and sold  in order to restore the peg. Now, let's consider the supply of both tokens in the pool in below scenario. 
- Scenario: A malicious actor can send 9000 USSD and 7900 DAI to the pool by directly transferring it to liquidity pool and when rebalance() functions gets getSupplyProportion() the values will be 10000 USSD and 9000 DAI causing underflow in the contract which will try to mint DAIamount - USSDamount. This could have resulted in a *Nuclear Gandhi* scenario since negative numbers when represented by unsigned integers result in absolutely large values. Since the contract is using solidity version >0.8.x the transaction will revert in case of this underflow, making the rebalance function to never be executed properly. To resume normal functioning additional DAI will need to be locked into the UniV3 pool but still the rebalance function will not be able to work as intended.

The same scenario can happen while burning USSD.
  
## Impact

**High**
It can lead to entire protocol not working since it relies on the rebalance function to peg the stablecoin to dollar value.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L71-L107

```solidity
// ISSUE: Direct contract balances are queried from ERC20 contract which can potentially have no relation with estimated price
(uint256 USSDamount, uint256 DAIamount) = getSupplyProportion();
```
```solidity
// ISSUE: no check performed to see if DAIamount and USSDamount have any relation with ownval, nor negative values for the below calculations handled
IUSSD(USSD).mintRebalancer(((DAIamount / 1e12 - USSDamount)/2) * 99 / 100); // mint ourselves amount till balance recover
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Calculate liquidity for the active range in UniV3 instead of relying on UniV3 pool's ERC20 balance