Bauchibred

medium

# USSD.sol: Incorrect Collateral Index could be used

## Summary

The `getCollateralIndex` function in the USSD contract returns an incorrect index when a collateral token is not found in the `collateral` array. The function always returns 0 as the index, leading to the misconception that the collateral is indexed at 0. This can potentially mislead users and the team, causing confusion and misinterpretation of the collateral management system.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `getCollateralIndex` function is responsible for finding the index of a given collateral token within the `collateral` array. However, if the collateral is not found, the function mistakenly returns 0 as the index. This behavior can have implications in other functionalities that rely on this index. For example, the `calculateMint` function uses this index to calculate the amount of stablecoin a user receives for a given amount of asset. If the index is incorrectly assumed to be 0, the calculation will be based on the wrong collateral, potentially resulting in incorrect amounts and loss of trust in the protocol.

Take a look at [getCollateralIndex():](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L125-L133)

```solidity
function getCollateralIndex(address _token) public view returns (uint256 index) {
    for (index = 0; index < collateral.length; index++) {
        if (collateral[index].token == _token) {
            return index;
        }
    }
}
```

Below is [calculateMint()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L169-L173)

```solidity
    /// @dev Return how much STABLECOIN does user receive for AMOUNT of asset
    function calculateMint(address _token, uint256 _amount) public view returns (uint256 stableCoinAmount) {
        uint256 assetPrice = collateral[getCollateralIndex(_token)].oracle.getPriceUSD();
        return (((assetPrice * _amount) / 1e18) * (10 ** decimals())) / (10 ** IERC20MetadataUpgradeable(_token).decimals());
    }
```

## Impact

The incorrect collateral index can lead to misleading information and incorrect calculations. Users relying on the `calculateMint` function may receive inaccurate amounts of stablecoin for their assets, resulting in what users might think are financial losses. Moreover, the incorrect calculations can undermine trust in the protocol and its collateral management system.

## Code Snippet

[getCollateralIndex():](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L125-L133)

[calculateMint()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L169-L173)

## Tool used

Manual Review


## Recommendation

Return a custom number when the collateral is not found, i.e modify the `getCollateralIndex` function to return a unique number, such as `9999`, when the collateral is not found in the `collateral` array. This will indicate that the collateral is not present and the `calculateMint` function should check for this custom number and revert with a meaningful error message.

```solidity
function getCollateralIndex(address _token) public view returns (int256 index) {
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < collateral.length; i++) {
        if (collateral[i].token == _token) {
            return int256(i);
        }
    }
    return 9999; // Custom number indicating collateral not found
}
```
