Bauer

medium

# Inaccurate collateral factor calculation due to direct fund transfers to USSD contract

## Summary
 The `collateralFactor()` function in the code suffers from a vulnerability where an attacker can manipulate the collateral factor calculation by directly transferring funds to the USSD contract instead of following the standard ERC20 interaction flow. This can lead to inaccurate collateral factor values, posing risks to the stability and security of the protocol.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `collateralFactor()` function is designed to calculate the proportion of collateral assets relative to the total supply. Inside the function it enters a loop that iterates through each collateral asset in the `collateral` array. As the code below,the function relies on retrieving the balance of each collateral asset by calling the balanceOf function from the corresponding ERC20 contract. However, if an attacker sends a large amount of funds directly to the USSD contract address instead of following the standard procedure of interacting with the ERC20 contract, the balance reported by the balanceOf function may not reflect the actual holdings of the collateral asset.
```solidity
 function collateralFactor() public view override returns (uint256) {
        uint256 totalAssetsUSD = 0;
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < collateral.length; i++) {
            totalAssetsUSD +=
                (((IERC20Upgradeable(collateral[i].token).balanceOf(
                    address(this)
                ) * 1e18) /
                    (10 **
                        IERC20MetadataUpgradeable(collateral[i].token)
                            .decimals())) *
                    collateral[i].oracle.getPriceUSD()) /
                1e18;
        }

        return (totalAssetsUSD * 1e6) / totalSupply();
    }
```

## Impact
This can result in an incorrect calculation of the collateral factor because the function assumes that the reported balances accurately represent the assets held by the contract. As a result, the collateral factor may not reflect the true value and proportion of collateral assets, leading to distorted risk assessments, incorrect lending limits, and potential vulnerabilities in the protocol's stability and security.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L183
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
