immeas

medium

# economic issues with no collateralization ratio

## Summary
The lack of collateralization ration presents economic issues for the protocol

## Vulnerability Detail
When minting USSD you mint as much USSD as the collateral is currently worth:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L170-L173
```solidity
File: USSD.sol

170:    function calculateMint(address _token, uint256 _amount) public view returns (uint256 stableCoinAmount) {
171:        uint256 assetPrice = collateral[getCollateralIndex(_token)].oracle.getPriceUSD();
172:        return (((assetPrice * _amount) / 1e18) * (10 ** decimals())) / (10 ** IERC20MetadataUpgradeable(_token).decimals());
173:    }
```

The protocol the trusts that there is enough available liquidity in the USSD/DAI uniswap pool as well as enough available collateral to back the coin.

Essentially the value of the coin is connected to the value of the uniswap pool. As long as there is enough available liquidity to cover market movements of USSD vs DAI, the protocol can buy its value.

This ofc requires that there is enough available liquidity in collateral available. If there isn't the protocol will not be able to cover the costs of keeping its value to DAI.

The issue here is that the margin is very slim and there is no tuning available for this margin. If a user can buy the exact amount of USSD at the current price there is a high risk that the price might drop and USSD no longer has the needed liquidity to keep buying DAI to keep its peg.

## Impact
Lack of margin for collateral to cover market movements can cause USSD to lose its peg and drop compared to DAI.

## Code Snippet
See above.

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a collateral specific collaterization ratio depending on the risk of the collateral.