0xeix

medium

# Users can impact balanceOf() of the tokens in pools leading to huge imbalances

## Summary

In function getSupplyProportion(), the vol1 and vol2 can be easily manipulated by flash loan attacks

## Vulnerability Detail

In USSDRebalancer.sol, before we call rebalance() we need to determine how much we need to sell or to buy. For this purpose, we call getSupplyProportion() and get the vol1 and vol2 from the uniswap USSD/DAI pool. However, both values depend on balanceOf() of the tokens in the pool which can be manipulated not necessarily by flash loan attacks (because of TWAP) but by just large capital inflow. Rebalance() function can only be useful when there is price difference and the protocol needs to mint USSD and sell it for DAI on the pool expanding the total supply of USSD or, in other case, USSD contract would reduce supply using stored collateral to buy USSD back and burn it (according to the whitepaper). So if these amounts (vol1 and vol2) can be easily manipulated => this can lead to a problem where the amounts to buy or to sell are determined incorrectly and it doesn't show the actual situation in the pool because of huge volume delivered by a large capital inflow of the whale. So the attacker can initiate the huge tx and impact the price of DAI/USSD and the protocol will try to rebalance the situation by buying or selling collateral and when he returned back his money, it turns out that this rebalance was not needed but it was already implemented.

## Impact

Medium-risk because the problem can lead to significant incorrect rebalances impacting the whole pool and the ratio between two tokens by violating rebalance() function.

## Code Snippet

vol1:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L84
vol2:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L85

using getSupplyProportion() in rebalance():

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#94

BuyUSSDSellCollateral() with corresponding amounts:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#97

 SellUSSDBuyCollateral() with corresponding amounts:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L105

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The solution might really complex and include such measures as possible restriction of rebalance() function to everybody so it can be called by an attacker immediately who just changed the ratio for the tokens in the pool.