0xeix

medium

# Hardcoded swap paths are used when adding collateral

## Summary

Hardcoded swap paths might be not the most liquid ones.

## Vulnerability Detail

In the current implementation of USSD.sol, there is only a function addCollateral() that is provided with _pathbuy and _pathsell parameters that will be later used when implement swap operations. But the path that is put may be not the most profitable and efficient as the swap pairs can change their liquidity and will not be as optimal as before. So the function (the collateral) is configurable only once and there is no some function to maybe update the path as the addCollateral() is admin-controlled and only admin can add the collateral. At this moment, the collateral can be only removed. So if the path that was added by the admin is not optimal the whole protocol will suffer significant loss of value.

## Impact

Medium-risk. The protocol can suffer loss of value due to such inefficient swap operations.

## Code Snippet

_pathbuy in addCollateral():
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L90

_pathsel in addCollateral()l:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#91

And they will be used in USSDRebalancer.sol to perform swaps when buying or selling collateral:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#122
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#135
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L201

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The paths should be configurable and all the changes should be applied due to current market situation and look at the current liquidity in the pools to avoid using illiquid pairs. And also maybe changeCollateralParams() function should be added for admin to quickly react if something goes wrong.