Dug

high

# When USSD value is greater than DAI, malicious actors can economically exploit minting

## Summary

As communicated in the whitepaper, a critical component of this protocol is it's ability to accrue an excess of backing collateral to ensure that the price of USSD can be supported during periods of instability.

A major mechanism for this is in how the protocol can buy collateral at a discount when the value of USSD is above the target value. This is done by minting USSD and swapping it for collateral. The collateral is then held within the contract for use in supporting the price when needed.

A malicious actor can frontrun this mechanic, inhibiting the ability of the protocol to accrue backing collateral putting the entire system at risk.

## Vulnerability Detail

When the price of USSD is above the price of DAI, a call to `USSDRebalancer.rebance()` should be made, allowing the protocol to accrue backing collateral.

However, malicious actors can prevent this from ever happening, by frontrunning the rebalance with a call to `USSD.mintForToken`. This allows them to mint USSD at a discount compared to the market. They can then swap the USSD for DAI in the pool for a profit, enabling them to perpetually run this arbitrage.

This puts the protocol in a position where it can never gain collateral at a discount. It would only ever be subject to supporting USSD in unfavorable conditions.

## Impact

This vulnerability puts the protocol at risk of being unable to support the price of USSD as it can never accrue an excess of backing collateral.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L151-L167

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Mint for token should mint USSD at the same ratio as the pool. This will remove the economic incentive to frontrun rebalancing.