Tricko

high

# `rebalance` can be blocked by paused tokens.

## Summary
Due to pause mechanism in two of the supported tokens, `WBGL` and `WBTC`, the USSD rebalancing can be blocked.

## Vulnerability Detail
Both the `WBGL` and `WBTC` tokens have a `pause` feature that allows all transfers involving these tokens to be temporarily halted. If one of these tokens is paused, it can disrupt the rebalancing process. During rebalancing, these tokens need to be bought or sold, but if their transfers are paused, any swap with them will be reversed, including the `rebalance` call itself.

In the README, the sponsors mention that they do not anticipate the contract activity being paused from external sources. However, as explained earlier, external contracts can significantly impact the protocol's functionality. Initially, this issue can be circumvented by removing the paused collateral. However, once the ownership of the USSD contract is renounced (as planned by the sponsors, DavidLeeChaum stated on discord "the admin would be locked to zero address eventually"), there will be no further means to bypass such pauses. Consequently, in these scenarios, rebalancing could be indefinitely blocked.

## Impact
Rebalacing mechanism can be blocked indefinitely on some situations, affecting USSD's funcionality significantly as `rebalance` is necessary to adjust collateralization and consequently  is essential to maintain USSD's value as a stablecoin.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L92-L107

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L109-L161

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L163-L206

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider choosing other tokens without `pause` mechanism to be used as collaterals or add additional arguments to the `rebalance` function so that it can be selected which tokens will be used in the rebalancing procedure, allowing the caller to avoid the paused tokens.