BugBusters

medium

# Infinite Approval Vulnerability in `approveToRouter()` Function

## Summary
The `approveToRouter` function in the `USSD` contract approves the uniRouter contract with an unlimited amount of tokens. This means that the uniRouter contract can call the transfer function on the token contract to transfer any amount of tokens out of the user's account. This vulnerability could be exploited by an attacker to steal the user's tokens.

## Vulnerability Detail
By granting unlimited approval to the uniRouter contract, the vulnerability allows the contract to call the transfer function on the USSD token contract and transfer any number of tokens from the user's account. This effectively gives the uniRouter contract unrestricted access to the user's tokens.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L242-L247

## Impact
The impact of this vulnerability includes:

Token Theft: Attackers can exploit the vulnerability to steal the user's tokens by initiating transfers from the user's account using the unlimited approval granted to the uniRouter contract.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
function approveToRouter(address _token) public {
        IERC20Upgradeable(_token).approve(
            address(uniRouter),
            0xffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
        );
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To address this vulnerability, it is recommended to:

1): Use a limited approval amount: Instead of granting unlimited approval, set a specific and limited approval amount based on the requirements of the token swap or interaction with the uniRouter contract.

2): Implement time-bound approvals: Consider implementing approvals with expiration periods to ensure that the approval is valid only for a limited time. This reduces the window of vulnerability.
