BenRai

high

# User can mint to many USSD due to oracle price that is not up to date

## Summary

In the function `mintForToken`, the amount of USSD that will be minted for the deposited token is calculated based on the chainLink oracle price. This oracle has a heard beat of 1 hour an leads to out of date calculations and consequently to a depagging of USSD

## Vulnerability Detail

When a user deposits WETH, WBTC, DAI or WBGL in the function `mintForToken` to mint USSD, the function `calculateMint` is called to calculate how many USSD the deposited tokens are worth and should be minted to the user. Since the hard beat of the chainlink oracles is 1 hour, the price used for the calculation is not the real price most of the time. This can be exploited by any user to mint more USSD than his tokens are worth.     

## Impact

Let’s say the price for WETH provided by the oracle is 2000 USD but since the oracle was last updated, the price of WETH has fallen to 1900 USD. A user can buy 1 Eth for 1900 DAI, deposit it to the USSD contract and mint 2000 USSD since the oracle price used for calculation is still 2000 USD. Now the user can swap his 2000 USSD to 2000 DAI in the liquidity pool on Uniswap and ends up with 100 DAI more than he started with. Scaling this up in value this will lead to a depag of USSD from DAI that cannot be fixed by rebalancing since the USSD contract will run out of collateral to buy USSD with.  

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/USSDofficial/ussd-contracts/blob/f44c726371f3152634bcf0a3e630802e39dec49c/contracts/USSD.sol#LL163C28-L163C41

https://github.com/USSDofficial/ussd-contracts/blob/f44c726371f3152634bcf0a3e630802e39dec49c/contracts/USSD.sol#L170-L173


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

For calculating the current price of the tokens deposited to the USSD contract one can use an on-chain liquidity base oracle (i.e. UniV3 TWAP) 
