CodeFoxInc

high

# Using only one Oracle can become single point of failure

## Summary
The protocol depends merely on Uniswap v3 oracle and it can become a single point of failure.

## Vulnerability Detail
As it is shown in the code snippet, `calculateMint` function is related to how many token can be minted based on the collateral amount. 

Also in the `rebalance()` function, it calls `BuyUSSDSellCollateral()` and `SellUSSDBuyCollateral()` which uses the oracle price as the source to decide how the protocol can react to certain situation to rebalance the protocol to keep the peg of the token. 

One thing in common is: they totally depends on the Uniswap V3 oracle price. 

The protocol which is only built on the Uniswap v3 oracle can be risky, because Dex’s price are dependent on a lot of factors, like liquidity, human behaviors, market condition, etc. For instance, if a whale dumps the token on Dex for a while can also cause extreme market conditions, even when the oracle price is Uniswap v3’s TWAP. 

In terms of stable coin, keeping the peg is everything that matters no matter what kind of situation the market or the way how people interact with the protocol. The system must be robust and reliable enough so that it can truly become autonomous and work through times in the very long term.

Totally relying on one oracle is too risky a thing to do. 


## Impact
The protocol depends merely on Uniswap v3 oracle and when the pool of Uniswap is not able to reflect the right price of the token, the protocol can lose funds or impact the price of the token. And it can cause the USSD token holder to lose their funds too. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/oracles/StableOracleWBGL.sol#L24-L39

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L170-L174

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L179-L195

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L110-L141

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L164-L206




## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use a combined double oracle price mechanism to represent the market price so that it will mitigate the issue of single point of failure.
For instance, the solution below is quite reasonable in my opinion.
- Use at least 2 price oracles, e.g. chainlink price feed and Uniswap v3 TWAP.
- If Uniswap’s price value differs from that of Chainlink, the protocol can choose the value which is most at its advantage.

For your reference, [this](https://docs.angle.money/deprecated-protocol-modules/overview/other-aspects/oracles#combining-uniswap-and-chainlink-feeds) is done by the Angle protocol. They combined both the Uniswap and Chainlink oracles to mitigate the risk of oracle's centralization risk. 

Thank you for reading this! 



