Bahurum

high

# Incorrect rebalancing due to unrelated Uni V3 pool reserves

## Summary
The assumption that reserves of the USSD/DAI pool will be bounded by the constant product formula does not hold true for Uniswap v3. This breaks the rebalancing mechanism.

## Vulnerability Detail
`USSDRebalancer` assumes that in an UniV3 pool the dollar values of the 2 reserves are equal when the pool is balanced (market price). This is true in Uniswap v2 but not for v3. See the [USD/DAI](https://etherscan.io/address/0x5777d92f208679db4b9778590fa3cab3ac9e2168) pool for example.

This means that the rebalancing amount is incorrect and causes several issues:
- the peg assumend will be incorrect and variable depending on how liquidity moves between the two tokens on the USSD/DAI pool.
- in `rebalance()`, the calculations `USSDamount - DAIamount / 1e12` and `DAIamount / 1e12 - USSDamount` can overflow as the amounts of reserves are independent from the price. This will block rebalances and make USSD loose its peg as well.
- an attacker can exploit this when the price is less than 0.99:

      1. Take DAI flash loan of X DAI
      2. Mint X USSD with `mintForToken()` by supplying the X DAI as collateral
      3. On USSD/DAI pool, add concentrated liquidity of X USSD away from current price
      4. `USSDamount - DAIamount / 1e12` will be much larger than it should due to the USSD added to the pool reserves
      5. `BuyUSSDSellCollateral()` at L97 will swap a large amount of USSD for DAI, pumping the USSD spot price well above 1
      6. Remove liquidity of X/2 USSD from the pool
      7. Swap X USSD on the pool and obtain more than X DAI due to the pumped price.
      8. Repay loan of X DAI and keep the profits

## Impact
Rebalanicing mechanism won't work as expected, making the protocol unable to keep the peg and vulnerable to theft of funds.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/USSDofficial/ussd-contracts/blob/f44c726371f3152634bcf0a3e630802e39dec49c/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L92-L107
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
There is really no way in UniV3 to rebalance starting from reserve amounts.
[`exactInputSingle()`](https://github.com/Uniswap/v3-periphery/blob/6cce88e63e176af1ddb6cc56e029110289622317/contracts/SwapRouter.sol#LL115C14-L115C30) with `sqrtPriceLimitX96` set to the value equivalent to 1:1 price can be used in `SellUSSDBuyCollateral()` to swap USSD for DAI.
But this won't work for `BuyUSSDSellCollateral()` as the amounts of each collateral to swap for DAI cannot easily be known before-hand.