0xPkhatri

medium

# Undefined Behavior for Non-Existent Tokens in USSD#getCollateralIndex Function

## Summary

The USSD#getCollateralIndex functionhas issue related to handling non-existent tokens. When a token address is provided to this function that does not exist in the collateral array, the function completes without hitting a return statement. This results in returning a default value, which, in this case, is 0. It leads to a situation where a non-existent token is indistinguishable from a token that is the first element in the collateral array.

## Vulnerability Detail

In the getCollateralIndex function, the function iterates over the collateral array to find the given token. If the token is found, the function returns its index in the array. However, if the token is not found, the function does not explicitly return anything, which leads Solidity to return the default value for the return type (which is 0 for uint256).

```solidity
    function getCollateralIndex(
        address _token
    ) public view returns (uint256 index) {
        for (index = 0; index < collateral.length; index++) {
            if (collateral[index].token == _token) {
                return index;
            }
        }
    }
```
This undefined behavior becomes a problem when the getCollateralIndex function is used elsewhere in the contract, like in the calculateMint function. It can lead to incorrect execution and results when non-existent tokens are passed as arguments.

## Impact

The main impact of this issue is incorrect functionality. When a non-existent token is passed to the calculateMint function, it uses getCollateralIndex to get an index that it uses to fetch the collateral information. If the token doesn't exist, getCollateralIndex will return 0, leading calculateMint to use the first collateral in the array, potentially leading to incorrect calculations and results.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L125-L133

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Update getCollateralIndex function as below:

```diff
    function getCollateralIndex(
        address _token
    ) public view returns (uint256 index) {
        for (index = 0; index < collateral.length; index++) {
            if (collateral[index].token == _token) {
                return index;
            }
        }
+        return type(uint256).max;
    }
```