Dug

medium

# Protocol could be unable to sell collateral during certain market conditions, due to lagging twap price

## Summary

The protocol uses twap oracles to value collateral for rebalancing. However, lagging twap prices can differ from how swaps are executed via the Uniswap pool, especially during periods of increased volatility.

This variance throws off accounting within the protocol as more or less assets are swapped than expected. This can lead to a situation where `BuyUSSDSellCollateral` will revert due to underflow.

## Vulnerability Detail

In `BuyUSSDSellCollateral`, the protocol prices the collateral using a twap oracle.

```solidity
    uint256 collateralval = IERC20Upgradeable(collateral[i].token).balanceOf(USSD) * 1e18
        / (10 ** IERC20MetadataUpgradeable(collateral[i].token).decimals()) * collateral[i].oracle.getPriceUSD()
        / 1e18;
```

This collateral value is used to determine the amount to swap for USSD. The swap is executed, then the amount received from the swap is deducted from `amountToBuyLeftUSD`.

```solidity
    uint256 amountBefore = IERC20Upgradeable(baseAsset).balanceOf(USSD);
    uint256 amountToSellUnits = IERC20Upgradeable(collateral[i].token).balanceOf(USSD)
        * ((amountToBuyLeftUSD * 1e18 / collateralval) / 1e18) / 1e18;
    IUSSD(USSD).UniV3SwapInput(collateral[i].pathsell, amountToSellUnits);
    amountToBuyLeftUSD -= (IERC20Upgradeable(baseAsset).balanceOf(USSD) - amountBefore);
    DAItosell += (IERC20Upgradeable(baseAsset).balanceOf(USSD) - amountBefore);
```        

The issue is that if more USSD is received from the swap than expected, `amountToBuyLeftUSD` can underflow as the amount received is deducted from it, causing the rebalance to revert.

This situation can easily occur during periods where the collateral is increasing in value. The twap price will be lagging, reflecting a lower price than what currently exists in the market, resulting it in being swapped for more USSD than expected.

## Impact

As rebalaning fails, the price of USSD can become depegged and the price can vary by a larger amount than what is set as the `threshold`. In this situation USSD would no longer be a stablecoin, undermining the purpose of the protocol.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L109-L140

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Prevent underflow by comparing the amount received to `amountToBuyLeftUSD` and handle it accordingly.