juancito

medium

# The low TVL and liquidity of the WBGL/ETH pool can lead to its price manipulation and subsequent minting of USSD tokens via `mintForToken`

## Summary

`StableOracleWBGL::getPriceUSD` takes its price based on the Uniswap pool for WBGL/ETH. Although its price uses TWAP, due to its low TVL and liquidity, it could be possible to manipulate its price during multiple blocks.

This can be used to mint USSD tokens at a much lower price.

## Vulnerability Detail

It is important to note that the `WBGL` token is a synthetic asset on Ethereum and its price can vary from the former blockchain coin `BGL`.

The TVL for the [Uniswap WBGL/ETH pool](https://info.uniswap.org/#/pools/0x982152a6c7f732ec7c9ea998ddd9ebde00dfa16e) at the moment of this report is just $11.11k (WBGL 43.09k / ETH 6.09). Ands its current 24 hours Volume is just $393.95.

The TWAP period is set to 600 seconds (10 minutes), as shown on the code:

```solidity
    uint256 wbglWethPrice = staticOracleUniV3
        .quoteSpecificPoolsWithTimePeriod(
            1000000000000000000, // 1 Eth
            0xC02aaA39b223FE8D0A0e5C4F27eAD9083C756Cc2, // WETH (base token)
            0x2bA64EFB7A4Ec8983E22A49c81fa216AC33f383A, // WBGL (quote token)
            pools, // WBGL/WETH pool uni v3
            600 // period // @audit
        );

    uint256 wethPriceUSD = ethOracle.getPriceUSD();

    return (wethPriceUSD * 1e18) / wbglWethPrice;
```

[Link to code](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/oracles/StableOracleWBGL.sol#L27-L38)

The Uniswap documentation states:

> A manipulator can create a manipulated oracle update by swapping a large amount of one asset into the pool in block one, then swap the same amount in the opposite direction ('back-run') in block two. This will create an oracle update at the final manipulated price of block one

A detailed explanation can be found in [Uniswap v3 TWAP Oracles in Proof of Stake - How does someone manipulate the TWAP?](https://blog.uniswap.org/uniswap-v3-oracles#how-much-does-a-two-block-20-manipulation-require#how-does-someone-manipulate-the-twap).

The keypoint here is that "a large amount of one asset" (note the $11.11k in TVL) is not that big for an adversary, considering that they can mint a huge amount of USSD tokens via the `UUSD::mintForToken()` after lowering its price.

## Impact

An adversary can mint USSD tokens at a much lower price than they should.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/oracles/StableOracleWBGL.sol#L27-L38

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

I will present some suggestions to mitigate this issue which could be combined. 

Consider using another oracle for the price, provide more liquidity to the pool, increase the TWAP period, or disabling minting of tokens using this oracle. Evaluate using another more liquid asset with similar properties as this one.