pengun

high

# Incorrect Setting of PriceFeed Address in StableOracleWBTC.sol Contract

## Summary
The `StableOracleWBTC.sol` contract contains a vulnerability due to an incorrect configuration of the `priceFeed` address. This misconfiguration results in an incorrect value being returned by the `getPriceUSD` function. The `getPriceUSD` function is used in the rebalance logic of USSD to determine the price of WBTC collateral. However, due to the priceFeed address being set to the `ETH/USD` priceFeed, it returns the price of ETH instead. As a result, the value of WBTC is underestimated in the rebalance process, leading to an unintended sell-off of WBTC and potentially causing unexpected outcomes.

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability arises from an incorrect setting of the priceFeed address in the `StableOracleWBTC.sol` contract. The misconfiguration causes the `getPriceUSD` function to retrieve the price of ETH instead of WBTC when determining the value of collateral in the rebalance logic of USSD. This inaccurate value leads to an underestimation of the price of WBTC, resulting in an unintended sell-off of WBTC during the rebalance process. Consequently, the rebalance produces unintended outcomes and may cause adverse effects on the stability and performance of the protocol.

```solidity
    constructor() {
        priceFeed = AggregatorV3Interface(
            0x5f4eC3Df9cbd43714FE2740f5E3616155c5b8419 <- ETH/USD price feed
        );
    }
```
## Impact
The impact of this vulnerability is significant as it affects the accuracy of price calculations and rebalance logic in USSD. By underestimating the value of WBTC collateral, the rebalance process may sell off more WBTC than intended, potentially causing imbalanced positions, loss of funds, and unexpected outcomes. The incorrect calculation of collateral values can undermine the stability, reliability, and efficiency of the USSD protocol, leading to financial losses and eroding user trust.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/oracles/StableOracleWBTC.sol#L16-L18

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Need to change the priceFeed of StableOracleWBTC to BTC/USD instead of ETH/USD.