carrotsmuggler

high

# Incorrect decimals when selling collateral

## Summary

Incorrect decimals when selling collateral. Can break contract functionality.

## Vulnerability Detail

The function `BuyUSSDSellCollateral` sells collateral tokens for DAI, and then uses that to raise the price of USSD in case it falls below peg. The amount to be sold is calculated and stored in the variable `amountToSellUnits`. However this calculation has a decimal error, which leads to incorrect values.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L121

```solidity
uint256 amountToSellUnits = IERC20Upgradeable(collateral[i].token).balanceOf(USSD) * ((amountToBuyLeftUSD * 1e18 / collateralval) / 1e18) / 1e18;
```

In the above line, the balance is in `d` decimals. `amountToBuyLeftUSD` is in 18 decimals. `collateralval` is in 18 decimals. Thus the final decimals is d + ((18+18-18)-18)-18 = d - 18. This value should in fact be `d` decimals and there is an extra division by 1e18.

`amountToBuyLeftUSD` is 18 decimals is evident from this line, where it is scaled up by 12 decimals from 6 decimals to an 18 decimal value.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L112

`collateralval` is 18 decimals is evident from this line, where it is compared to `amountToBuyLeftUSD` which is also 18 decimals.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L116

Due to the extra division by 1e18, the contract will sell a lower amount of colalteral than needed. Thus the value of USSD will never be pegged, since the required amount of collateral will never be sold.

## Impact

USSD will never be pegged.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L121

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Remove the extra 1e18 division.
