pengun

high

# Wrong Calculation of Collateral Selling Amount in USSDRebalancer.sol Impairs Price Defense During Depagged State

## Summary
`USSDRebalancer.sol` contains a vulnerability in the calculation of `amountToSellUnits`, resulting in significantly lower collateral sales than intended. This issue arises when the price of USSD drops, triggering the logic to sell collateral and increase the USSD price. However, due to the flawed calculation, a much smaller amount of collateral is sold than necessary, rendering the price defense mechanism ineffective. Consequently, the vulnerability hinders the ability to defend against depegging through rebalancing.

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability lies in the flawed calculation of amountToSellUnits in `USSDRebalancer.sol`. The purpose of this calculation is to determine the amount of collateral to sell when the USSD price drops, aiming to increase the USSD price. However, the flawed calculation results in significantly lower amounts of collateral being sold compared to what is actually required.

```solidity
uint256 amountToSellUnits =  IERC20Upgradeable(collateral[i].token).balanceOf(USSD) * ((amountToBuyLeftUSD * 1e18 / collateralval) / 1e18) / 1e18;
```
The issue stems from the fact that `amountToSellUnits` is calculated by considering only the token balance without accounting for decimal places. 

Consider the following situation:
* USSD own Token A 3.5e18 
* price is 2000e18
* amountToBuyLeftUSD is 1500e18

The calculation of amountToSellUnits is 0.75, which is equal to zero by discard calculation, meaning that 0 A tokens will be sold, and the rebalance, which is the core logic of USSD's price formation, becomes meaningless.


## Impact
The incorrect calculation in `USSDRebalancer.sol` results in a significantly lower quantity of collateral being sold compared to what is required. This vulnerability undermines the rebalancing mechanism's ability to defend the price of USSD when it becomes depegged. Insufficient collateral selling impedes the effectiveness of raising the USSD price, limiting the impact of the rebalancing process and compromising the stability and reliability of USSD during a depegged state.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L121
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Obtain the decimal value of the collateral token using the decimals() function of the token contract.