TheNaubit

medium

# Missing transaction expiration check result in tokens selling at a worse price

## Summary

The swap function used by the rebalancer misses the transaction expiration check, which may lead to the tokens being sold at a price that's lower than the market price at the moment of the swap.

## Vulnerability Detail
Transaction expiration check (implemented in Uniswap via the deadline argument) allows users of Uniswap to protect from selling tokens at an outdated price that's lower than the current price. Consider this scenario:

- The [USSDRebalancer.rebalance](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L92) function is called on the Ethereum mainnet.
- Before the transaction is mined, there's a rapid increase of gas cost. The transaction remains in the mempool for some time since the gas cost paid by the transaction is lower than the current gas price.
- While the transaction is in the mempool, the price of the token increases.
- After a while, gas cost drops and the transaction is mined. The swapping is sandwiched by a MEV bot. The bot decreases the price of the token in a Uniswap pool so than the minimum output amount check still holds (well, the current value set by the project is 0 so it would work always, but even if the protocol sets a better value it will work) and earns a profit from the swapping happing at a lower price.
As a result of the sandwich attack, tokens are swapped at an outdated price, which is now lower than the current price of the tokens.

There are similar reports in the past: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby-judging/issues/323

## Impact
Rebalancing can be exploited by a sandwich attack making the protocol receive less yield than expected due to the tokens being sold at an outdated price.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L235

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider a reasonable value to the deadline argument. For example, [Uniswap sets it to 30 minutes on the Etehreum mainnet and to 5 minutes on L2 networks](https://github.com/Uniswap/interface/blob/main/src/constants/misc.ts#L7-L8).