Bauchibred

medium

# Missing Deadline Checks in USSD Contract

## Summary

The USSD contract lacks proper deadline checks in the UniV3SwapInput function, which poses a potential security vulnerability. Without a deadline parameter, balancer can unknowingly perform unfavorable or malicious trades due to pending transactions being executed at a later point.

## Vulnerability Detail

The UniV3SwapInput function in the USSD contract uses the UniSwap V3 router to perform a swap operation.

```solidity
function UniV3SwapInput(
    bytes memory _path,
    uint256 _sellAmount
) public override onlyBalancer {
    IV3SwapRouter.ExactInputParams memory params = IV3SwapRouter.ExactInputParams({
        path: _path,
        recipient: address(this),
        //deadline: block.timestamp,
        amountIn: _sellAmount,
        amountOutMinimum: 0
    });
    uniRouter.exactInput(params);
}
```

However, it does not include a deadline parameter, which allows pending transactions to be executed even after an extended period of time. This omission can lead to two potential issues:

1. Unfavorable Trades:
   If a user submits a transaction with a low transaction fee that remains pending in the mempool for an extended period, the price of tokens involved in the swap can change significantly. When the transaction eventually becomes interesting for miners to include, the swap will be executed based on outdated token prices. As a result, the user unknowingly performs a trade that results in unfavorable token conversion rates.

2. Malicious Execution through MEV:
   In a scenario where a transaction remains pending in the mempool and the price of the token being swapped has increased significantly, a malicious actor, such as a Miner Extractable Value (MEV) bot, can exploit the situation. The outdated maximum slippage value allows the MEV bot to sandwich the user, resulting in substantial profits for the bot and significant losses for the user.

## Impact

The missing deadline checks in the USSD contract's UniV3SwapInput function can lead to potential financial losses for users. Users might unknowingly execute trades with unfavorable token conversion rates or fall victim to malicious MEV attacks.

## Code Snippet

[UniV3SwapInput()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L227-L240)

```solidity
function UniV3SwapInput(
    bytes memory _path,
    uint256 _sellAmount
) public override onlyBalancer {
    IV3SwapRouter.ExactInputParams memory params = IV3SwapRouter.ExactInputParams({
        path: _path,
        recipient: address(this),
        //deadline: block.timestamp,
        amountIn: _sellAmount,
        amountOutMinimum: 0
    });
    uniRouter.exactInput(params);
}
```

## Tool used

Manual review

## Recommendation

Introduce a deadline parameter in the UniV3SwapInput function. This parameter should specify a timestamp by which the transaction must be included in a block; otherwise, it should expire. Including a deadline enables protection from unfavorable trades and reduces the risk of MEV attacks.

Note: The exact implementation of the deadline parameter will depend on the requirements and design of the USSD contract and should consider factors such as transaction confirmation times and acceptable trade execution windows.
