Bauchibred

high

# Lack of Slippage Protection in UniV3SwapInput Function

## Summary

The `UniV3SwapInput` function implements no slippage protection. This means that swaps executed through this function can be subject to significant slippage, resulting in potential financial losses.

## Vulnerability Detail

The vulnerability is present in the following code snippet:

```solidity
function UniV3SwapInput(
    bytes memory _path,
    uint256 _sellAmount
) public override onlyBalancer {
    IV3SwapRouter.ExactInputParams memory params = IV3SwapRouter.ExactInputParams({
        path: _path,
        recipient: address(this),
        amountIn: _sellAmount,
        amountOutMinimum: 0
    });
    uniRouter.exactInput(params);
}
```

In this code, the `UniV3SwapInput` function performs a swap using the `exactInput` function of the `uniRouter` instance. However, no minimum output amount (slippage tolerance) is specified (`amountOutMinimum` is set to `0`). This means that the swap can be executed even if the output amount is significantly lower than expected, resulting in potential financial losses for the contract and its users.

## Impact

The lack of slippage protection in the `UniV3SwapInput` function can lead to significant financial losses. Swaps executed through this function are vulnerable to high slippage, meaning that the actual output amount may differ greatly from the expected amount. This can result in the loss of funds or an unfavorable exchange rate for the contract and its users.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L227-L240

## Tool used

Manual review

## Recommendation

Modify the `UniV3SwapInput` function as follows:

1. Specify Minimum Output Amount: Add a parameter to the function that allows the caller to specify a minimum output amount (slippage tolerance) for the swap. This ensures that the swap is executed only if the actual output amount meets the desired threshold, providing protection against high slippage.

2. Validate Minimum Output Amount: Implement checks to ensure that the specified minimum output amount is reasonable and within an acceptable range. This prevents users from setting extremely low values that may hinder the functionality of the contract or expose it to unnecessary risks.
