0xStalin

medium

# No deadline and no slippage protection when doing swaps to rebalance the pool

# Medium Severity
## Title
No deadline and no slippage protection when doing swaps to rebalance the pool

## Summary
Not having a deadline or slippage protection when swapping could lead to malicious users taking advantage of the swaps made by the rebalance() when swapping collateral for DAI and forcing the protocol to sell the collateral at a lower price than it could've been really sold

## Vulnerability Detail
Since there is no deadline check, the transaction can be pending in the mempool for a long time. Without a deadline check, the trade transaction can be executed after a long time once the rebalance operation was submitted, at that time, the trade can be done in a sub-optimal price, which harms the protocol collaterals reserves.
  - The deadline check ensures that the transaction can be executed on time and the expired transaction revert.

The slippage controls how much DAI the protocol is willing to receive for the collateral that is being sold.

- **Without a deadline and slippage checks**, ***the price of the collaterals could be manipulated by MEV bots by sandwiching the tx to rebalance the USSD/DAI pool and forcing the swaps to sell the protocol's collateral at a lower price.***

- [As per Uniswap Docs: setting `amountOutMinimum` to zero is a significant risk in production (No Slippage Check)](https://docs.uniswap.org/contracts/v3/guides/swaps/single-swaps#swap-input-parameters).

Without those two checks,the protocol can unknowingly perform bad trades:

1. The transaction to rebalance the pool is submitted to the mempool, the transaction fee that is too low for miners to be interested in including the transaction in a block. The transaction stays pending in the mempool for extended periods, which could be hours, days, weeks, or even longer.

2. When the average gas fee dropped far enough for the transaction to become interesting again for miners to include it, the swaps will be executed. In the meantime, the price of the collaterals could have drastically changed. The protocol has unknowingly performed a bad trade due to the pending transaction.

## Impact
The protocol could lose funds when swapping collateral for DAI because of malicious users doing sandwich attacks on these swaps and making the protocol sell their collateral at a lower price than what it really could've sold it, thus, receiving less DAI for the sold collateral.

## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L227-L240
```solidity
function UniV3SwapInput(
    bytes memory _path,
    uint256 _sellAmount
) public override onlyBalancer {
    IV3SwapRouter.ExactInputParams memory params = IV3SwapRouter
        .ExactInputParams({
            path: _path,
            recipient: address(this),
            //deadline: block.timestamp,
            amountIn: _sellAmount,
            amountOutMinimum: 0
        });
    uniRouter.exactInput(params);
}
```

- **All swaps made during the rebalance()**
  - https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L122
  - https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L135
  - https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L154
  - https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L156
  - https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L169
  - https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L173
  - https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSDRebalancer.sol#L201

## Tool used
Manual Review & Uniswap Documentation

## Recommendation
Add deadline check and add slippage control.
- Be advised to not set the deadline equal to `block.timestamp` because that will end up disabling the protection of the deadline parameter