BlockChomper

high

# Critical - USSD.sol - Lack of Deadline Parameter and Slippage Protection

## Summary

USSD.sol - Line 227-240 - function UniV3SwapInput -

AMMs provide their users with an option to limit the execution of their pending actions, such as swaps or adding and removing liquidity. The most common solution is to include a deadline timestamp as a parameter (for example see [Uniswap V2](https://github.com/Uniswap/v2-periphery/blob/0335e8f7e1bd1e8d8329fd300aea2ef2f36dd19f/contracts/UniswapV2Router02.sol#L229) and [Uniswap V3](https://github.com/Uniswap/v3-periphery/blob/6cce88e63e176af1ddb6cc56e029110289622317/contracts/SwapRouter.sol#L119)). If such an option is not present, users can unknowingly perform bad trades:

1. Alice wants to swap 100 tokens for 1 ETH and later sell the 1 ETH for 1000 DAI.
2. The transaction is submitted to the mempool, however, Alice chose a transaction fee that is too low for miners to be interested in including her transaction in a block. The transaction stays pending in the mempool for extended periods, which could be hours, days, weeks, or even longer.
3. When the average gas fee dropped far enough for Alice’s transaction to become interesting again for miners to include it, her swap will be executed. In the meantime, the price of ETH could have drastically changed. She will still get 1 ETH but the DAI value of that output might be significantly lower. She has unknowingly performed a bad trade due to the pending transaction she forgot about.
An even worse way this issue can be maliciously exploited is through MEV:

1. The swap transaction is still pending in the mempool. Average fees are still too high for miners to be interested in it. The price of tokens has gone up significantly since the transaction was signed, meaning Alice would receive a lot more ETH when the swap is executed.

2. A MEV bot detects the pending transaction. Since the outdated maximum slippage value now allows for high slippage, the bot sandwiches Alice, resulting in significant profit for the bot and significant loss for Alice.

Since USSD directly builds on Uniswap V3, such deadline parameters should also be offered to the USSD users when transactions involve performing swaps. However, there is no deadline parameter available.

## Vulnerability Detail

Critical / High Impact

## Impact

## Code Snippet

```solidity
function UniV3SwapInput(
        bytes memory _path,
        uint256 _sellAmount
    ) public override onlyBalancer {
        IV3SwapRouter.ExactInputParams memory params = IV3SwapRouter
            .ExactInputParams({
                path: _path,
                recipient: address(this),
                //deadline: block.timestamp,
                amountIn: _sellAmount,
                amountOutMinimum: 0
            });
        uniRouter.exactInput(params);
    }
```

It appears that on line 235, of USSD.sol - The deadline parameter has been commented out // . Furthermore, on line 237 the amountOutMinimum is set hard coded to 0 so the swap can potentially return 0 output tokens.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Introduce a deadline parameter to all functions which potentially perform a swap on the user’s behalf. Also include a slippage parameter so that the user is not opened up to opening up the user to a catastrophic loss of funds via [MEV bot sandwich attacks](https://medium.com/coinmonks/defi-sandwich-attack-explain-776f6f43b2fd).

