Tricko

high

# Lack of slippage control can lead to losses during rebalancing.

## Summary
The swaps done during the rebalacing steps do not have any kind of slippage control, so they can be negatively affected by sudden market changes or easily sandwiched by MEV bots, resulting in possible losses of funds.

## Vulnerability Detail
During the rebalancing process, multiple swaps are executed using UniswapV3 pools. All these calls to Uniswap are sent through the `UniV3SwapInput` function in `USSD` contract. Looking at the code snippet of `UniV3SwapInput` below, we observe that it creates the `ExactInputParams` struct and then performs the swap by calling `uniRouter.exactInput(params)`. It's important to note that the `ExactInputParams` struct sets the `amountOutMinimum` value to zero. This implies that the swap will be successful regardless of the token amounts received during the swap. Consequently, these swaps become vulnerable to sudden changes in pool balances caused by normal market behavior or adversarial actors, such as MEV bots (for instance, through sandwiching the swap transaction). 

Furthermore, since the `ExactInputParams` struct does not specify the `deadline` field, the swap transaction can remain in the mempool for multiple blocks and eventually execute under significantly different market conditions than initially intended. When these factors are combined, there is a risk of potential fund loss during these swaps.

```solidity
function UniV3SwapInput(
    bytes memory _path,
    uint256 _sellAmount
) public override onlyBalancer {
    IV3SwapRouter.ExactInputParams memory params = IV3SwapRouter
        .ExactInputParams({
            path: _path,
            recipient: address(this),
            //deadline: block.timestamp,
            amountIn: _sellAmount,
            amountOutMinimum: 0
        });
    uniRouter.exactInput(params);
}
```

## Impact
The protocol is exposed to potential loss of funds during rebalacing caused by sudden pool balance changes (either normal or through the action of MEV bots) and delayed execution under different market conditions.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L227-L240

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider calculating suitable `amountOutMinimum` during `SellUSSDBuyCollateral` or `BuyUSSDSellCollateral` and use those values in the `ExactInputParams`. 