CodeFoxInc

high

# MEV attack is possible when `amountOutMinimum` is set as zero

## Summary

MEV attack is possible if the slippage is set as 100% in the `UniV3SwapInput` function. This can cause the protocol to lose a lot of funds if the trading funds are huge. 

## Vulnerability Detail

I noticed in the `UniV3SwapInput` function, the `amountOutMinimum` is set as zero. 

This is usually a risky setting in order to swap for tokens. 

This could potentially open up an opportunity for MEV. In a simplified example, imagine that a miner or bot sees your transaction before it is included in a block. 

Knowing that you're willing to accept any amount of output tokens, they could front-run the protocol’s transaction with their own, causing the price to move unfavorably for the protocol. Then, when the protocol’s transaction is processed, the protocol receive fewer output tokens than you would have without the front-running transaction.

## Impact

The protocol can get MEV attacked and lose funds if the amountOutMinimum is set as zero. 

## Code Snippet

```solidity
File: USSD.sol
228:     function UniV3SwapInput(
229:         bytes memory _path,
230:         uint256 _sellAmount
231:     ) public override onlyBalancer {
232:         IV3SwapRouter.ExactInputParams memory params = IV3SwapRouter
233:             .ExactInputParams({
234:                 path: _path,
235:                 recipient: address(this),
236:                 //deadline: block.timestamp,
237:                 amountIn: _sellAmount,
238:                 amountOutMinimum: 0 // @audit MEV attack is possible if this is 0. This could potentially open up an opportunity for MEV. It should be set to a reasonable value. or you can use flashbot to avoid the MEV attack. If this is not handled properly, then the attacker can drain the contract's fund.
239:             });
240:         uniRouter.exactInput(params);
241:     }
```

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L226-L243](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/main/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L226-L243)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To help mitigate potential MEV, we can try these things:

1. Set a minimum output amount (**`amountOutMinimum`**) based on current market conditions and acceptable slippage. This way, if the price moves unfavorably before the transaction is mined, the transaction will fail instead of executing at a poor rate.
2. Use a service or tool designed to minimize MEV risk. For instance, Flashbots is a project aimed at mitigating the negative externalities of MEV. 
3. Set a deadline for the transaction (**`deadline`**), which has been commented out in the code snippet. This is the time by which the transaction must be included in a block, or else it will fail.