BugBusters

medium

# Missing deadline checks allow pending transactions to be maliciously executed

## Summary

The `UniV3SwapInput` function of `USSD.sol` contract does not have any kind of check for the transaction. This missing feature enables pending transactions to be maliciously executed at a later point.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L227-L240

## Vulnerability Detail
AMMs should provide their users with an option to limit the execution of their pending actions, such as swaps or adding and removing liquidity. The most common solution is to include a deadline timestamp as a parameter (for example see [Uniswap V2](https://github.com/Uniswap/v2-periphery/blob/0335e8f7e1bd1e8d8329fd300aea2ef2f36dd19f/contracts/UniswapV2Router02.sol#L229)). If such an option is not present, users can unknowingly perform bad trades:

1): Alice wants to swap 100 fractional NFT tokens (fTokens) for 1 ETH and later sell the 1 ETH for 1000 DAI. She signs the transaction with minOutputAmount = 0.99 ETH to allow for some slippage.

2):The transaction is submitted to the mempool, however, Alice chose a transaction fee that is too low for miners to be interested in including her transaction in a block. The transaction stays pending in the mempool for extended periods, which could be hours, days, weeks, or even longer.

3): When the average gas fee dropped far enough for Alice's transaction to become interesting again for miners to include it, her swap will be executed. In the meantime, the price of ETH could have drastically changed. She will still at least get 0.99 ETH due to minOutputAmount, but the DAI value of that output might be significantly lower. She has unknowingly performed a bad trade due to the pending transaction she forgot about.

`An even worse way this issue can be maliciously exploited is through MEV:`
1): The swap transaction is still pending in the mempool. Average fees are still too high for miners to be interested in it. The price of fToken has gone up significantly since the transaction was signed, meaning Alice would receive a lot more ETH when the swap is executed. But that also means that her minOutputAmount value is outdated and would allow for significant slippage.

2): A MEV bot detects the pending transaction. Since the outdated minOutputAmount now allows for high slippage, the bot sandwiches Alice, resulting in significant profit for the bot and significant loss for Alice.

## Impact

## Code Snippet
```Solidity
function UniV3SwapInput(
        bytes memory _path,
        uint256 _sellAmount
    ) public override onlyBalancer {
        IV3SwapRouter.ExactInputParams memory params = IV3SwapRouter
            .ExactInputParams({
                path: _path,
                recipient: address(this),
                //deadline: block.timestamp, 
                amountIn: _sellAmount,
                amountOutMinimum: 0
            });
        uniRouter.exactInput(params);
    }
```


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Introduce deadline check