BugBusters

high

# Unintended Token Swap Execution Due to Hardcoded `amountOutMinimum = 0`

## Summary

The `UniV3SwapInput` function contains a vulnerability where `amountOutMinimum` is hardcoded to 0. This vulnerability allows for unintended token swap execution, potentially leading to financial losses for users. Attackers can exploit this vulnerability to perform front-running attacks and manipulate token prices.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-USSD/blob/6d7a9fdfb1f1ed838632c25b6e1b01748d0bafda/ussd-contracts/contracts/USSD.sol#L227-L240

## Vulnerability Detail
By hardcoding `amountOutMinimum = 0`, the minimum output token amount requirement for the swap is eliminated. Consequently, the swap can be executed even if the received output token amount is zero or extremely low. This vulnerability allows attackers to manipulate token prices.

An attacker can exploit the vulnerability by front-running the swap transaction with another transaction that manipulates the price of the token. Here's a potential attack sequence:

1): Attacker observes a pending transaction executing executeExactInputSwap with a large amountIn.

2): The attacker quickly submits a transaction to manipulate the token price in their favor.

3): Before the first transaction is confirmed, the attacker's transaction gets mined and successfully manipulates the token price.

4): The original transaction with executeExactInputSwap gets confirmed, executing the swap without considering the manipulated price.

As a result, the user who initiated the swap receives a significantly smaller amount of output tokens than expected, incurring financial losses

## Impact

Financial losses for users who initiate swaps expecting a certain output token amount but receive significantly less due to the manipulated price.

## Code Snippet
```Solidity
 function UniV3SwapInput(
        bytes memory _path,
        uint256 _sellAmount
    ) public override onlyBalancer {
        IV3SwapRouter.ExactInputParams memory params = IV3SwapRouter
            .ExactInputParams({
                path: _path,
                recipient: address(this),
                //deadline: block.timestamp, 
                amountIn: _sellAmount,
                amountOutMinimum: 0
            });
        uniRouter.exactInput(params);
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To address this vulnerability, it is recommended to:

1): Remove the hardcoding of `amountOutMinimum` to 0 and replace it with a reasonable value that considers expected output token amounts and slippage tolerance.
2): Implement a mechanism to dynamically calculate and set the appropriate `amountOutMinimum` based on market conditions and potential price manipulations.
3): Allow user to input `amountOutMinimum` by himself
